[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/core/step-2-configure-a-two-way-wcf-webhttp-send-port.md

        2.  For **Transport client credential type**, select **Basic**.

>         3.  Under the **User name credentials** box, click **Edit**. In the **Client Credentials** dialog box, select **Do no use Single-Sign On**, and enter the username and password that you retrieved from the **My Account** tab after you have logged into Windows Azure Marketplace. The credentials are listed against the **Customer ID** (user name) and **Primary Account Key** (password) labels.

Reviewer: "Microsoft" Azure Marketplace, not "Windows":

```suggestion
        3. Under the **User name credentials** box, select **Edit**.

        4. In the **Client Credentials** box, select **Do not use Single-Sign On**.

        5. Enter the username and password that you retrieved from the **My Account** tab after you signed in to [Microsoft Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com).
        
            The credentials are listed against the **Customer ID** (user name) and **Primary Account Key** (password) labels.
```

>         4.  Click **OK**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        4.  Selet **OK**.
```
